Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V."
Hey, Declan!
We thought the battle royal
was the next stage of
the Championship,
and now we find out
it was just some sort of
lame tryout to become
one of your Lancers?
I am simply trying to
save our world, Yuya.
Once I learned Warriors
from the Fusion Dimension
were planning to
infiltrate our home,
I needed a way to stand up to
them without causing a panic.
We have to take the battle to
the Fusion Dimension.
And you and your fellow Lancers
will lead that charge!
And end up like our friends?
Turned into cards?
And Zuzu, what about her?
What if they got
to Zuzu, too?
She might be gone forever!
Everything that happened to my
friends is all your fault!
You set us up, and now,
I'm gonna take you down!
Let's duel!
Yuya, you picked a battle you
could never win!
Now feel the full force of
Flame King's ferocity!
Aah!
Uhh!
I Fusion Summon!
Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Battling Obelisk Force
is no game.
But I know you and your friends
have what it takes
to go deck to deck with them.
I'll never join your Lancers!
Not even to save your dear
friend Zuzu?
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
What's the deal, Declan?
Are you telling me you know
what happened to Zuzu?
If Obelisk Force has her, they
must have taken her back
to the Fusion Dimension,
back to the Professor.
Mr. President,
we found Celina!
Quick, send our
top duelists to help her!
We can't let her be captured!
Hold on.
That girl isn't Celina.
To the untrained eye,
she could pass for her,
but I'm certain
that's Zuzu Boyle.
What I don't know is
who she's hiding from.
She appears to be terrified.
What's this?
What happened?
That's the mystery duelist
from Synchro!
You're safe!
Find them now!
(thinking)
My intel team has no idea where
Zuzu vanished to,
but it appears Duel Academy
had nothing to do with her
disappearance.
For now, though, it's better
if Yuya believes they did.
You want to save Zuzu?
Well let's see if
that's even possible.
Let's see if you have what it
takes to defeat me first.
(growls)
Why does Declan want to recruit
Yuya into the Lancers?
The boy opposes everything
Declan stands for.
He's mastered
Pendulum Summoning,
which Declan believes
is needed to stand a chance
at defeating
the Fusion Dimension.
My son may be correct,
but I suspect this Yuya may be
more trouble than he's worth.
It's my move.
I draw!
First, I'll set
the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1 D/D
Savant Galilei
and Scale 10 D/D Savant Kepler!
I can now summon monsters
from Level 2 through 9
at the same time!
Oh!
Uh‐oh!
Looks like things are
swinging Declan's way.
You may have uncovered the
Pendulum technique, Yuya,
but I have taken it further than
you could have imagined
by perfecting it!
I Pendulum Summon!
Make way for the tyrannical
overlord of despair,
disorder and devastation...
D/D/D Oblivion King Abyss
Ragnarok!
(roaring)
Having summoned my Ragnarok
successfully,
I can now resurrect a D/D/D
monster from my graveyard!
Return, D/D/D Wave King Caesar!
(thinking)
Declan's Kings are super
dangerous,
and they both have king‐sized
powers.
But neither of 'em packs
enough attack points
to bring down my Dragons!
Next I summon
D/D Necro Slime!
Then I activate Abyss
Ragnarok's special ability!
By tributing D/D Necro Slime,
I banish one monster
on your field!
You must now bid farewell
to Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Oh, no!
My Dragon!
At least he can still
count on Beast‐Eyes!
I activate Necro Slime's
special ability from my
graveyard!
By banishing it, I can Fusion
Summon a D/D/D Monster.
Aah!
Gong don't like this!
And neither does Yuya!
Then I guess that just
leaves me!
I fuse my abyss Ragnarok and
Wave King Caesar together
to form a force that will bring
you to your knees!
I Fusion Summon...
D/D/D Wave Oblivion King Caesar
Ragnarok!
(roaring)
It's more powerful than my
Dragon.
And your troubles
are far from over!
I activate D/D/D Wave King
Caesar's special ability
from my graveyard!
I now have free reign
to add one Dark Contract card
from my deck to my hand.
The time has come!
Caesar Ragnarok, focus
all your ferocity
on Yuya's Beast‐Eyes Pendulum
Dragon!
Savage Retribution!
Aah! Beast‐Eyes!
Yuya's dragons are dropping
left and right!
Poor Yuya!
My duelmate's field is
monster‐less!
(growls)
Is this the best you've got?
What did you say?
I said is this the best
you've got?
I've done nothing
but pick you apart.
And I haven't even
broken a sweat yet.
You think you can save Zuzu
with these paltry skills?
Don't make me laugh, Yuya.
This isn't the time for jokes.
I don't think Zuzu would find
any of this amusing.
I don't want to hear the name
Zuzu cross your lips
unless it's to tell me
how to rescue her from
Fusion Dimension!
I'll tell you
if you defeat me.
Consider it a bonus.
You want to get revenge and
pummel me anyway, right?
Because you hold me
responsible
for your poor friends
becoming...
two dimensional?
I'll bet they'll make
the perfect addition
to someone's deck.
That is, of course, if they
haven't already.
Uhh! Aah!
Aah! Aah!
Yuya!
Declan's gotta chill out.
He's driving Yuya
over the edge!
(groaning)
All right, Declan!
You want me to come at you
full force?
I'll be more than happy
to humor you!
I pendulum Summon!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Say hello to
Stargazer Magician!
And Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Plus, I'm inviting Performapal
Pendulum Sorcerer
to join this party, too!
I activate Xiangsheng
Magician's Pendulum ability!
I'm taking aim and my game to
the next level!
Stargazer Magician
will now have
the same Level as Pendulum
Sorcerer!
He's got 2 Level 4 monsters!
I overlay Stargazer Magician
and Pendulum Sorcerer
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most dangerous
of Dragons!
I Xyz Summon!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
That's Yuto's dragon!
(thinking)
Excellent.
I'm now activating
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon's
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
the attack points of your Caesar
Ragnarok are cut in half!
And then Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon
gains those attack points.
(roaring)
Now I'll use the remaining
Overlay Unit to weaken your
monster again!
Ragnarok is on the ropes!
My Yuya's so gonna win this!
This is for Zuzu!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon,
attack with Mauling Mandable
Charge!
I activate Caesar Ragnarok's
special ability!
By returning Kepler
to my hand,
I can equip your monster onto
Caesar Ragnarok,
and it then gains your
monster's attack points!
The monster I choose
is Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Ragnarok, reel it in!
(roaring)
Odd‐Eyes, no!
I end my turn...
with a facedown.
Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon's attack points
now return to normal.
You were lucky,
but I'll finish you next turn.
You've done well.
Huh?
You once relied exclusively
on Pendulum Summoning,
but your skill set has evolved.
I'm curious.
I know Zuzu inspired you to
learn how to Fusion Summon.
but which friend introduced you
to the world of Xyz Summoning?
Oh, it doesn't matter.
I'll have plenty of time to
find out who that someone was,
after I wipe
the floor with you!
Prepare yourself, Yuya,
the Pendulum is
swinging my way now!
It's my move!
D/D Savant Galilei's Pendulum
ability activates,
raising its Scale
from 1 to 3.
Next from my hand,
I'm using D/D Savant Kepler to
set the Pendulum Scale.
Now I can summon monsters
between Level 4 and 9
all at the same time!
First, I'll call two of my most
ruthless Kings
onto the field of battle.
Their faces should be very
familiar to you.
I Pendulum Summon D/D/D Oblivion
King Abyss Ragnarok!
(roaring)
And D/D/D Doom King
Armageddon!
Are you kidding?
What?
That monster's a maniac!
Yuya faced him
once before and nearly
got Armageddoned himself!
I play a trap!
Wings of Misdirection!
It prevents you
from activating
any of your monsters special
abilities!
And it lets me increase
the attack points
of my Dark Rebellion by 800!
Yuya's XYZ Dragon
is now more powerful
than Declan's Armageddon!
Declan must be shakin'
in his duel disk!
Very good, Yuya.
Now let's see how far
you can be pushed.
I overlay Abyss Ragnarok
and Doom King Armageddon to
build the Overlay Network!
(roaring)
Unreal.
Gong can't believe
Gong's eyes!
My poor Yuya!
I Xyz Summon!
D/D/D Duo‐Dawn King Kali Yuga!
(sinister laugh)
It's stronger
than my Dragon!
More than you know, Yuya!
Kali Yuga neutralizes your trap,
weakening your Dragon,
thus making my King
even more devastating!
No way!
Get ready!
Duo‐Dawn King Kali Yuga,
take out Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon with Bolts of Banishment!
Aah!
Yuya!
Sweetie‐pie!
This duel has been a
disappointment.
I expected more from you.
Much more.
All your threats
to make me pay
for what happened to friends
have come to nothing.
You're too weak to make me pay
for anything!
That's enough, Declan!
We're on our way, Yuya!
No, stay back!
I can handle it!
I'm gonna win for my friends,
for you, for Zuzu,
and even Yuto!
Yuto?
After I'm done
with you, Declan,
nothing will stop me from
rescuing Zuzu.
Or from keeping my promise
to Yuto!
Always remember...
Use your power...
to keep the world
entertained and smiling.
The only thing you care you
care about is combat, Declan!
But that isn't what dueling
is supposed to be about!
If you have your way,
the fighting will never end!
Which is why losing's
not in the cards!
It never was!
It's my move!
Aah!
I'll beat you with the help of
Shuffle Reborn!
I may not have any monsters on
my field, but that's okay,
'cause that lets me put
my spell into action!
Now I can bring Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon back,
but it won't have its special
abilities!
(roaring)
All right!
Sweet!
Next, Shuffle Reborn returns
Trump Witch to my deck.
Then I can draw a card!
Here goes!
All right, it's show time!
Perfect!
Now I'll use Scale 3 Xiangke
Magician
and Scale 8 Xiangsheng Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
I can summon monsters between
Level 4 and 7 at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the Arc of Victory!
My monsters are ready to swing
into action!
Get set to turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Now Xiangke Magician, I call on
you to work your sorcery!
Use your Pendulum ability
to change Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon's Rank into a Level!
(roaring)
I've never seen anything
like this before!
Xiangsheng Magician's Pendulum
ability activates,
so I'm taking aim and my game
to the next level one more time!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
will now have
the same Level as Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
The stage has been set!
Hmm. Nice move.
I overlay Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon
and Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
in order to build the Overlay
Network!
If Declan wants me to throw
my best at him,
then this should certainly
make him happy!
I Xyz Summon!
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon!
Here we go!
Yuya.
You have not disappointed me.
Next, I activate the trap
Wings of Misdirection
from my graveyard!
By banishing it,
along with my Xiangke and
Xiangsheng Magicians,
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon gets
an 800 attack‐point power up!
(roaring)
But that's not all!
You can't activate any
facedown cards,
and all your monster's special
abilities are negated!
Duo‐Dawn King Kali Yuga special
ability activates!
Your trap has no reign
over my King!
So what?
That changes nothing.
It might have 3,500
attack points.
But my Odd‐Eyes trumps that!
Plus, you can't activate
the facedown cards to
save your Kali Yuga!
Face it.
You're finished!
Let's do this, Odd‐Eyes!
Sweeping Static Strike!
I activate Kali Yuga's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
all spell and trap cards on my
field are destroyed!
Then I'll use its second
Overlay Unit to bring them back!
Your Wings of Misdirection can
only affect those cards
that were on the field at the
moment the trap was activated.
That means it no longer affects
the cards I just brought back,
so I can now play them!
First, I'll put my trap Dark
Contract with Errors to use!
Neutralizing your Wings of
Misdirection,
weakening your precious
Dragon!
(gasps)
This is only the beginning!
I now activate the trap
Dark Contract With Renewal!
This allows me to use
Wings Of Misdirection's
effect to my advantage!
Seriously?
If you don't believe me,
then watch as Kali Yuga grows
800 attack points stronger!
The tables have turned, Yuya!
Kali Yuga!
Strike back at Odd‐Eyes
Rebellion Dragon!
(roaring)
Aah!
Yuya!
Poor guy.
Your endgame needs substantial
improvement.
There's still much
you have to learn
if you want to rescue Zuzu.
(groaning)
Still, you do show promise.
You all do.
Your Pendulum Summoning skills
have developed more quickly
than I expected,
and that's just what I need to
take on the Fusion Dimension.
So instead of just Yuya,
I will make you all
my Lancers.
Together we will travel to
the Fusion Dimension.
Sounds like it could
be a long trip.
Claude, did you record the data
I requested from this duel?
(Claude)
Yes, Mr. President.
Well done.
I want to review everything.
I have to face facts.
Declan was right.
I'm not strong enough
to rescue Zuzu yet.
But I promise.
One day, I will be.
Zuzu!
♪